- Do multiple people live in this building?
I thought we were the only apartment.
- No, no, there's a bunch of apartments in this building.
- Oh, there is?
We're just number one?
- Yeah.
- That's kinda cool.
(laughing)
- We got number one, do we have to pay extra that?
'Cause we're not allowed.
(upbeat music)
- This is our third time doing this thing together.
Like meeting up and streaming.
- What do you mean?
Terminal?
- Yeah.
- Third time terminal is the other thing?
- Yeah, 'cause we do it in Miami and Dallas
and now we're in New York.
And our setup has gotten better each time.
- And easier.
Like I think we like rebalanced some of some things
and like we got this all set up pretty quickly
and it's working.
- Yeah.
- My bag weighed like 30 pounds less.
- I think more than 30 pounds, right?
- No problem.
- You had like, you had that whole giant separate bag.
- Oh, well the first time, so Miami.
Yeah, I brought way too much stuff.
It's gotten less that bad.
- Yeah, you kept trimming it and that.
- Next time I'm not even being close,
I'm just gonna be like,
showing up no bags.
What's up, guys?
(laughing)
- Yeah, no, I had a bag packed
that was my full duffle, full of equipment.
And then you said that to X and said we could use an iPhone
and I got to remove all of it
and just put my clothes in the duffel.
- I know, it's really amazing the times we live in.
Yeah, and look, I brought this little thing just in case.
(laughing)
- So podcast, this is the podcast.
We're doing a terminal thing.
- Yes.
- Did we talk about this thing?
Did we talk about this on the podcast ever
that we were doing this thing in New York?
- We must have, we must have brought it up.
- I feel like it had to have come up,
but like I feel like in the past, like the Dallas thing,
we talked about it every episode of like three episodes.
It was like, we're gonna go to Dallas soon.
- Yeah.
- And then it was like, we're going to Dallas tomorrow.
- Yeah, you know what it was,
I think it's because that was,
we said we were playing basketball publicly for a while
and this we haven't even said it.
And I guess we can say it now
because the podcast won't come out today.
- It's something I don't mind.
- Okay, let's actually just talk about what we're doing.
So we're doing another terminal event.
This time it is an event in New York.
We're here.
We rented out a theater.
300 people are coming to watch us
and we're doing a live family.
(laughing)
- Exactly.
- Magic trade.
- There might be a magic.
- React 16 updates.
- No.
- Rec.js 15.
- Sick, whatever it is.
- Oh, yeah.
- How to build the Rec.js tutorial.
Now, we are doing a family feud game show.
We're producing a family feud game show.
It's going to have a bunch of people you recognize
from online, from open source,
from a bunch of things like that.
- Can you name some people?
- Yeah, we have.
- For my sake.
- I mean, I don't remember.
- Okay, we've got Tanner Lindsley.
- Oh, nice.
- Up 10 step.
He's coming.
We've got Kenzie Dodds.
- Oh, Kenzie?
- Yeah.
- I have no idea.
- Wow, okay, let's actually just go through this.
- Let's just go to the list.
'Cause I don't know if we're gonna receive.
This is awesome.
Now, were these people coming for the conference?
- They're all flying in just for this one.
(laughing)
Just for us, we're all flying in.
- Yeah, there's a tech conference
that is happening in New York.
Or is it is a tech conference?
- Yeah.
- Is it what day is that?
- It's on Monday and Wednesday.
Like it's, they're skipping a day in the middle.
- Okay.
- Okay, no, it's complicated.
There's a conference called JSN on Monday.
Then there's a conference called React Summit on Tuesday.
And then there's a third day.
- They're not related, they're not related to it.
- They're not, but then on the kind of coordinating,
I can't really tell.
On the third day, there is another JSN day.
I don't know, it's very confusing.
The schedule's really confusing.
We're not actually going any of it.
- Remember how confusing the React Miami
and that other thing going on was?
What was that?
- I think about that all the time.
- I get emails still.
- Really?
- What was the name of it?
- I can't remember.
- Immered.
- Immered Americans.
- Yeah, I just emerged American emails
and I don't know why.
I guess 'cause I went to React Miami.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So anyway, people are in town for that.
So we, you know, we had this event
and we invited a bunch of them and they're coming.
And I found the list right here.
- Okay.
- So Tanner, Ken Wheeler.
- Ken Wheeler.
- And I have a work conflict, so I'm not 100% sure.
Wes Boughs is coming.
Scott Telensky's coming.
We got Ben from Krazam,
who is famous for his microservices video.
Another guy he works with named Shiba.
Carson Gross, who is a HMX.
- Ah, he's coming.
- Yep.
- Really?
- Ken C. Dodds, who I mentioned.
Chan is coming.
- Chantastic?
- Yeah.
- Oh, I kill A to C. Chan.
- I've seen lessons.
- And he's coming, psychotic.
Everyone's really excited for Annie
'cause no one has met her in real life
and we're all still not sure if she's a real person.
- Yeah, has she come to anything?
She's not like part of the tech conference scene.
She's not a developer evangelist.
So why would she go to tech conferences?
(laughing)
- No, then why do any of us go?
- Yeah.
- Madison's coming.
- It's like her tweet.
- Yeah, Michelle's coming.
- The restaurant is coming.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then we have JJ, who is from Versailles.
He works in next year.
Jimmy Lai, who is the engineering manager for next year's.
And we have low level.
- He's coming.
- I knew low level was coming.
- Oh, really?
- I just happened to be DMing him about unrelated things.
And he was like, "Between me and you."
So it may have been secret.
Was it a secret he's coming?
- Not to me, obviously.
- Oh, well, yeah.
(laughing)
- We've been at levels of information.
- Yeah, they're surprised for me for this event.
That's crazy.
And I planned the event as well.
- But was it like kind of low key that he was--
- I don't think we've announced anyone really.
- Oh, right.
- Cheers, Kazam, yeah.
- Oh, Kazam, 'cause we tweeted that.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Good job.
- And then the last person was Bash.
- Bash, yeah, I knew Bash was kinda commander.
- Oh, she can be a contestant?
- Yep.
- You were just naming contestants?
- Yeah, just contestants.
Oh, and there's like, yeah, 300 people on top of this.
Oh, and here's the best part.
After the event, I really hope it goes well,
'cause it's gonna be a bummer
if we're like, ah, it didn't go really well.
Whether it goes well or not, we have an after party
that we have invited around 70 to 80 people to.
- Wait, who are those people?
- It's everyone we listed,
and then there's other people that we know in New York.
- Oh, okay.
- And there's people that are coming to the event
that aren't participants, so there's like 70 people or so,
we're going to this place.
Actually, we're on the corner.
It's a good ball.
- So it's 70 people that we'll probably know,
or it's a lot of people I want to.
- I think you'll know everyone.
I don't think there's any one.
- 70 people.
- Let me, well, Liz made a list.
Let me call out who.
- By the way, shout out Liz.
- MVP of this whole thing.
- I know.
- She's been on top of it.
The messages she'll send, they're so organized,
and everybody's action items, and adding us all.
It's amazing.
I feel like such a jerk for being so checked out.
- No, I mean, this is like,
she genuinely enjoys planning events,
and she's particularly good at it,
so this has been a good situation.
- Your shirt and my pants are the same color.
- My pants and your pants are the same color.
I'm wearing all green.
- What?
- Your shirt and pants match?
- I always wear this.
- Is that okay?
- Somehow, I always end up wearing this exact outfit
when I fly, 'cause it's like very comfy.
- We talked about this.
I don't wear the same outfit.
- And I also have, I don't wear this.
I have a jacket that's also this color,
so I could have been like, okay.
- Is that kind of like against,
I'm not like the most fashion forward person?
- It's one of those things where like,
yes, it's wrong, but if you do the tension
and it becomes right again.
- If you know the rules, you can break them.
(laughing)
- Okay, it's all the people I listed plus us,
which is already like 20.
- There's 50 more to go next.
- Oh, Turk is coming.
- It's coming.
- Oh, I knew Turk was it, 'cause he lives in New York.
- Yeah, yeah, and we invited him to the party.
We invited Rich Harris and I was going,
AJ is gonna be here, he's a party.
Joe Tenenbaum, he's a guy.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, from Larry Bell that works.
- Me and Joe go way back.
- Is that true?
- No.
- Oh, I totally forgot, I totally forgot this.
Okay.
So, I'm gonna call my kid, 'cause he's in school.
Some kid, he's like in college,
in a Waterloo in Toronto,
made a bunch of arcade games in the terminal.
- Yeah.
- Snake, a bunch of stuff.
And I was like, this is amazing,
we should post this at arcade.thermal.shop.
And--
- Are we gonna do that?
- Yeah, and so I messaged him like,
hey, can we just, like, can we just have your project?
- Yeah.
- And in exchange, I was like, we'll fly you to New York
and you'll come hang out with us.
- Fair trade.
- Yeah, on Monday.
And then, so he's gonna come, help us out,
hang out, does come without the party,
so hopefully we'll have a good time.
- And then we're gonna put it all on target.
- Yeah, and then we'll have like a give,
we'll have like a give away for the highest score,
whatever it's all about.
- Yeah.
- Jay, from ST, he's coming,
and his girlfriend's also coming.
- Nice.
- We invited Maher and Youssef,
their, like, our coffee partners.
Youssef's brother.
Chris, from Twitch, Chris Griffin.
- Oh, does he live in New York?
- I don't think so, but I saw him.
- I saw him on her list, so I added the thing.
- Nice.
- And there's a few others, but anyway,
point is, it's a lot of people that we know.
- Like, I'm glad low level and Chris will be here,
people I didn't get to see,
'cause I didn't go to TwitchCon.
Like, yeah, yeah, there's some people I didn't met here.
- The bummer did not go, and then...
- Yeah.
- You get to see those people, that's great.
- So, that's what we're doing on Monday.
But the next two days, we're actually building
a lot of the stuff we need for Monday,
so we better hopefully...
- Yeah, maybe we'll double dip here.
Let's, we get to say what's on this podcast,
and I say, we're gonna talk through
what we need to build tomorrow.
- Yeah.
- And then Saturday, or Saturday and Sunday.
- There's not that much, but...
- 'Cause they teach in primary building stuff.
- Yep.
- And we need to build stuff.
Can we just hit real high level of what we need to build?
- Yeah.
- So this is coming out on Monday,
but it's coming out on Monday.
This episode come out before the thing.
- Probably.
- But they'll know what it is, 'cause we'll see.
- Yeah, we'll be, it's not supposed to be secret at that point.
Yeah, so there's, we basically have a few components.
I'm about to talk about the big problem that we haven't solved.
So we have the scoreboard, which needs to go on the screen.
That's gonna be a web app.
- I said family feud, right?
- Yeah, it's family feud.
Yeah, I said that.
So I built like the control plane for it,
so there's like a web socket server.
- And you say control plane.
That sounds so official,
and I feel like I should know what that means.
- What is that mean?
- I gotta be honest,
that's the first time I'd use that word.
- Oh really?
- Yeah, and I'm using it for family feud evolving.
- It just sounds like this official technology term
like it's in the design patterns book or something.
- I don't know what it means.
The design pattern of control planes states that.
- I don't know what the why the word plane is in there.
It's just a control panel.
- Or like.
- Is it like an API?
What do you mean?
- I guess it's like this.
Okay, point is there is a system that this,
a back end system or a web socket can still connect to.
We can send events to the system
and there's like a state machine
that like tracks the state of the game.
And it'll sync that state to the scoreboard
and we can render stuff off of it.
So we can send an event like reveal answer
and then it'll like transmit that event of course
so it can like play the ding noise,
but then also I'll play the state
with the answer that's revealed.
- Okay.
- So it's like a nice system to do that kind of thing
and then we have to build a UI that wires up.
- Have you already sourced the ding noise?
- Yes.
- I searched family feud sound effects
and somebody made a sound board.
- 'Cause it's like an iconic thing.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I've got the actual one.
- That's amazing.
- And it was, I like wired it up and I kept hitting the button
and it was just making me laugh.
It was so funny.
But we have to build like the actual UI for the scoreboard.
Then the trick with our family feud is
it's all gonna be the survey is gonna happen live
with the audience and people watching.
So prime and team are gonna build a system
that pulls the audience, gets thousands of answers,
then uses AI to categorize them into like, you know,
six or seven for the round.
- What could go wrong?
- I know.
(laughing)
So, and we're going to do this all this weekend
and then it's gonna run live.
- Oh, geez.
This is like the worst live demo ever.
- Yeah, don't worry.
I have secret goggles there.
- Okay, yeah.
(laughing)
- But we get to build, they're not building the UI.
- They are building the UI.
- The scoreboard?
- No, not the scoreboard.
They're building the UI for the survey answers,
which is just like--
- So the survey answers, that's gonna be participants
in the crowd and they're gonna be on their phones
on a native app or a web app.
- It's a web app, yeah.
- And people at home too.
- Okay.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Oh, that's why he said thousands.
Anyone watching on Twitch can also--
- Yeah.
- Nice.
- Yep, and we'll get, we'll get that.
And that's what we have to build.
But you know, here is the--
- Sorry, are we having David design that part too,
since everyone's gonna be downloading it?
- Yeah, I think if we have time, we should do that.
But obviously, there's more boards of priority.
But here's the thing we haven't figured out.
The big problem.
Buzzers.
- Well, like physical buzzers?
That's a physical problem.
We don't solve physical buzzers.
- No, listen, so we, I don't think we brought them.
We actually have buzzers at our house, so we bought,
but the issue is they're not,
they just like make their own noise.
I want a buzzer that sends over to something,
and this exists on Amazon,
and maybe we can same day ship it over the next two days.
But again, in the physical theater,
like is it gonna reach the laptop it needs to reach?
So we gotta like figure out something there.
- So, okay, my first question goes to,
what kind of buzzer do these on the actual game?
'Cause now that I know we have the actual sound,
is it like the little hand clicky one or is it like a--
- No, no, no, it's a thing that you smash.
- Big button, okay.
- And each contestant has your own button, ideally?
- No, no, no, no, so the button only,
there's like, at the beginning of each round,
there's one face off in the center.
So there's only two buttons.
- Oh, okay.
So there's two buttons,
and they're in one spot in the center.
So there's just two buzzers.
Yeah, this seems like a solvable problem.
- But like, it needs,
but it also needs to make a noise for in the venue.
- That'll happen 'cause it'll go over,
the event will go into our event system,
come back down to the thing that's the scoreboard,
that's just playing the scoreboard,
and that web app will play the noise.
- Oh, that's playing on the projector,
like that web app is gonna play a noise in the venue too.
- Yep, exactly.
- So buzzers will play in the venue.
- Yep, and that audio will go to everyone's training
at home too.
- Whew, real life is hard.
- I know.
- Events are hard.
- So I'm gonna try to see if we can order like a Bluetooth buzzer,
or even just like a USB buzzer,
and we can like connect it to a laptop
and just have a laptop on the podium.
And that laptop can send the event over.
But yeah, I'm just like, I need like the buzzer we got,
we're just like bad and powered buzzers.
- So they make those like internet of things buttons
that can like hook up to, if this than that.
- Oh, true.
- But those would have like the physical hardware
to connect to Wi-Fi or whatever.
You need like a Wi-Fi connected button.
- That's, yeah, that's so true.
We can just, you get a Wi-Fi connected button.
Okay, that's definitely solved.
We can go to Best Buy and get some things from there.
- But then we need to like make it look like a big buzzer.
I don't know.
Maybe getting them into stuff I don't wanna think about.
- Okay, so that's like our big, our big problem.
- That's a big problem, okay.
- But that's basically what we're building.
- And who's hosting?
It's prime and teach, they're hosting.
- So we'll have three rounds.
We're gonna have the first round with two teams of guests,
second round of two teams of guests.
Prime and TJ are gonna co-host each round.
The third round, we're gonna randomly pick from the audience
five people.
And if we can do this in a fun way through the little thing,
like it's like everyone goes through a screen
and then it like lights up saying you've been selected.
- Like golden tickets?
- Yeah, exactly.
So that would be fun.
And it's gonna be the terminal team,
the five of us against five random audience members.
- Nice.
- And whoever gets picked,
we'll get and invite to our after party again.
I don't know if they're gonna be able to go,
but it's a nice gesture.
- Oh, that's cool.
The team that plays the random audience members
get to come to the after party.
- Yeah.
- You guys really thought through all this stuff.
- I know.
- I'm very impressed.
- We had a lot of time.
Like we actually, we had like three hands.
- It's planned for a while.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, oh wait, we forgot.
In the middle of the rounds,
we're gonna air two commercials.
- Is that, I didn't notice two.
I just-
- Well, Century paid us.
Century, so this whole event is sponsored
by a few sponsors.
Centuries are big response.
- Sentry.
- Sentry, yeah.
- I heard it like CE and I was thinking like
Century link and I was like,
- No way we got the old street on the street
to sponsor this, that's amazing.
- Now, Century is our biggest sponsor.
You know, we got, here's the greatest part.
Our next three sponsors are all OCaml-related.
(laughing)
- I'm sorry.
Badger the laugh, there's sponsors.
Thank you so much.
- So, actually one of them hasn't paid us hands,
so they might end up getting the sponsorship.
- Let's put some public pressure on it.
- Call them.
- Name them.
- So, we have three OCaml-related companies
that have MTJ.
- I'm sorry.
- Stop it.
- There are companies.
- There are three OCaml-related companies.
- Yeah, there are three OCaml-related companies.
Well, one's big, Ahh, Ahh, Ahh, Ahh, Ahh, Ahh, Ahh.
- Oh, Ahh, they just use OCaml?
- Yeah, they use OCaml.
The other one is like an OCaml company,
like they like, either consult OCaml stuff
or like they do, I don't know.
- And then the third one is actually an individual
that is working on OCaml stuff.
- And just wanted to sponsor?
- Yeah, so tomorrow, everything that TJ and Prime
are gonna be building, they're gonna be building it in OCaml.
- Wait a minute, yeah.
- Hold up.
So, okay, now I need to actually understand what OCaml is.
It's a language.
- Yeah.
- Does it have a runtime?
Does it compile down?
- It's very similar to Go.
It's like, it fits the same spot as Go,
except it's like a nice functional language.
- And how does it fit into a web app?
- Yeah, so there's been a lot of work to let you write.
There's just, I think one of our sponsors
who actually worked on this,
there's like a OCaml to react,
like OCaml to like react pipeline.
So they're gonna build it in that.
And again, are you guys super simple
where it's not really good?
- So they're building the front end in OCaml?
- Yeah, but there's also gonna be a back end system
to like receive the answers and process them with AI.
- In general, that would be in JavaScript.
- No, that's gonna be in OCaml too.
- Oh, okay.
- So they've got to give me a container I can deploy
and then, and that's what they'll be the back end for.
- Okay, so it's actually a React app in the browser,
but it's authored in OCaml.
- Yeah, I don't know if that's right.
- It's what TJ was showing me was a React.
I think this process is just OCaml to JavaScript.
- Okay.
- But also the guy that made React then made Rescript.
I don't know if you're familiar with that.
- Rescript.
- So Rescript is a compile to JavaScript type solution,
like TypeScript.
- When you say the guy who made React.
- Jordan Block.
- Okay, I was gonna say it was like Facebook, right?
So the employee Jordan.
- Yeah.
- Who famously was not in--
- Is he considered--
- He was like not in the React documentary.
- What, why?
- He's crazy private.
Like he's like one of those people that's just like
very, very, very, very private.
- Yeah, but he was the one that actually like
did it as a side project or whatever.
Is that the story of Facebook?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and then like,
and they mentioned him a lot in the documentary.
- Yeah.
- But he just isn't literally in it.
- Well, I can picture his avatar.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So he made, then went on to work on Rescript,
which is, it's not literally OCaml,
but it's very close to OCaml, but it's its own language.
- It's like F#.
- Yeah, similar.
I mean, you're right.
- Yeah.
- And they're like, I got some things.
- You know some stuff.
(laughing)
Rescript is really cool.
Unfortunately, it never like took off
and there's been like weird stuff with it
where the language kind of got forked in.
It's in this weird spot.
But, point being that there's like this whole history
of bringing OCaml style stuff to front end.
There's a bunch of tooling around it.
Like, I think the one that TJ is using is not this,
but there's like, I know of at least
like three projects in this category.
So everything this weekend,
their building on stream is gonna be--
- And OCaml.
- OCaml.
- As the-- - OCaml.
- By our sponsors, the OCaml companies.
- Yeah, it's just like wild 2024.
Who now?
- Who would spend marketing dollars on this random ass event
we're doing?
The answer's OCaml companies.
- OCaml.
(laughing)
- We'll take it.
- They said, it's like, you know what you would expect?
You expect Clark.
You expect this whole thing.
- Yeah.
- You expect Clark logo's up the end.
- Why is Clark not sponsored or terrible?
- You know what's so, you know if we were--
So we're working on this open off JS thing.
And we were doing just some research
about some other library and stuff.
- Oh, that's one of our kinds of sponsors, sorry.
(laughing)
- No, that's not what.
- Okay.
- And then we found this library.
It was really cool when we scrolled down, it's on GitHub.
We scrolled down and the first thing in the README
is a big ass Clark logo.
So we're like, wait, like Clark makes this library?
But this seems like really competitive.
Like, why are they wasting time on this thing?
But no, they don't make the library.
They just sponsor the library to be like,
oh, we support the authentication.
- If you wanna roll your own.
- Yeah, but like, it's the first,
it's a full length width, sorry, full width of the README.
And it's like, it's all you see.
And you're just like, what the, yeah, anyway.
So we're like, I guess we could get them
to sponsor OpenOff.
- There you go.
- But like, at some point we'll do,
we'll go pitch Clark something
and it's gonna be like 100K.
(laughing)
- I see you guys spam, like, this is gonna be 100K.
- Oh, that's funny.
I mean, they do spend.
That's the thing about Clark.
And we all know about Clark.
- And we'll do well for them.
They'll be one of their most successful things.
- I mean, I think so.
I mean, there, someone at Clark is listening to try it out
and they're like not sponsoring those assholes.
(laughing)
- I love you, Jeff.
- Oh, Jeff from Step 4 to Clark, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- We go way back.
- You keep saying this about people.
Do you actually go way back?
Was way back literally like React Miami?
- Yeah.
- Which was less than a year ago.
- I think I'd actually been like, that was less than, what?
- React Miami was less than a year ago.
- Oh, yeah.
That's not surprising.
Is that surprising?
- Doesn't it feel like solo, I mean, I don't know.
It does it?
- Oh, no.
I haven't had any significant events in my life.
You must have had a lot of memorable things happen.
- No, it was just a lot of things.
- Yeah, but it was just other terminal events.
It was like Dallas and this and.
- Yeah.
I mean, it seems like, well, it was the six months ago.
I guess six months.
- March, April, May, June, July, August, September.
- Yeah, six.
- Something like that. - Seven months.
To me, it feels like a different era.
- I mean, yes and no.
I guess like my, like being connected to anyone online
has been like three, two and three years.
So like, I don't know, that's not a very long time.
Everything feels like pretty recent.
- Okay, I mean, you're right.
It is literally not that long ago.
But to me, it feels like.
- Maybe have a lot going on.
What are you guys going on?
- Just this.
- Just a lot of life, terminal.
- Terminal stuff, yeah.
Anyway, so that's what we're doing
because we have to do.
- Today.
- If you listen to this podcast,
it's gonna be on a day where we've run out of time.
So hopefully we've, we've done everything.
- Hopefully we've written all the candles.
I don't know the candles.
- We've written all the candles.
- It's just funny when you learn of a new language
or like I've heard you talk about OCaml a million times
and I've probably seen him ride it on stream.
But like, if you've never really like gone to the,
read me and like started down the journey,
you don't even know what it is.
Like you don't know if it's like,
you know what I mean?
Like, is this a thing that I can run in like a
Lambda function or something?
I don't know.
There's not like an OCaml runtime.
So is it just compiled down?
I don't know.
- Yeah.
- It's like there's some.
- Yeah, yeah.
- A little bit of a last mile question.
- Yeah.
- How do you actually just think?
Well, if you were saying about OCaml companies,
there's an extremely famous OCaml company,
James Street.
- Okay.
I gotta say, I don't know who James Street is.
- Okay, I'll tell you.
- And I know it's like really cool because I know
when Teach got to go there, that was like a huge deal.
But I don't know, I don't have the context.
Like he spoke there at James Street.
- Yeah.
- And when he said that, I didn't know if it was a college,
if it's a business, I don't know what it is.
So please tell me, what is James?
- James Street is just a hedge fund.
It's just a, it's just another financial company.
Like, I mean, like we know a bunch of people
that work at equivalent to James Street.
But the weird cork about James Street is like,
they went really hard in on OCaml,
which is so random.
- That's so random.
- They must, I mean, they only do things
for competitive advantage.
Like, right, hedge funds, hedge funds or no.
- Yes and no, it's like--
- It's awesome.
- You can tell what sort of story you want.
Like, if you talk to them, yes,
they have a really great story about how
this is a critical difference in success.
And I'm sure that's true to some degree,
but I feel like there's also hedge funds
that do the exact same thing as them
that don't use OCaml.
So like, it's like for those people,
it was a right choice and they were really happy with it.
That's what motivated them.
Anyway, the reason they come up a lot
is because for one, I guess like,
maybe they do is on purpose,
hedge funds and companies and fines in general
are really, really private.
They're very private about like,
anything you think is like so trivial,
like they'll be like really cagey about.
But James Street for some reason,
like stuff like quote unquote leaks all the time.
Like there was this thing that was going viral
because they were looking for an intern
and the starting salary was $250k.
- The starting salary was $250k.
- For an intern.
- Yeah.
- Yes, for an intern.
- Wow.
- Internship.
And we'll say this is insane.
This is crazy.
- Talking about my intern.
- Yup.
- Okay.
- And we'll go nuts about it.
And it's true, it's a crazy amount.
So for an internship.
- Remote?
Sorry, that's not my question.
- No, they're all in person.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- And in New York.
- Yup.
And they actually,
their office was right next to my old apartment.
I would see them all the time.
- We're right next to your old apartment.
- No, no, not right next to your old workplace.
- We're next to my old workplace.
- Yes, yes.
- But like finance is crazy.
Like that's like very normal in that space.
And the ceilings are like insane.
But like for some reason there's stuff.
I think just because like they use OCaml
and there's like this mystery around them.
But yeah, that's what,
and we try to get them to sponsor us.
And we got a funny response.
We were like,
we have a company policy
that we don't do sponsorships anymore
'cause we did one and it went really badly,
but we can't tell you what happened,
but maybe I can tell you in person.
So I'm just like, what the fuck happened?
- That's so interesting.
- But if they could sponsor us like,
yeah, we got some feel like 100 times.
(laughing)
- Hit funds to have money.
It's funny, our YouTube got out of sync.
I think it missed an episode or two
'cause I don't remember why actually.
For some reason,
it's like a different person puts our videos on YouTube
versus the podcast platforms.
And there's like, if you look at the numbers
on the podcast on YouTube,
there's like two or three that are missing
and one came a week early.
So it's just like totally different experience.
If you listen to us on YouTube,
it's just on Spotify,
like you're getting a very different episode.
- I think they might even get more listens on YouTube.
- Probably.
- That's gonna be crazy.
- I don't think we do.
We get, I think we get like 1,000 views
on the podcast episode on YouTube, I think.
- Yeah, I guess that's probably not like a--
- I wonder, does transistor count YouTube?
Now we're getting into really stupid stuff.
- No, just--
(laughing)
- The most meta thing.
- Yeah, I guess.
- I'm excited for dinner.
- Tonight.
- Yeah.
- Booked a nice Korean barbecue place as their tradition.
- Hope, love.
- Yeah, that's become the tradition.
- Korean barbecue, my favorite.
(laughing)
They always have white rice with these guys
for a white guy like me.
- I just veer it.
I just veer it.
- White rice.
- It's what I call my, my Neil Hymn config, white rice.
(laughing)
This is me rising as a white person.
- That's kinda confusing 'cause that makes me think
it's gonna be in light mode, but it's not.
- Nah, it's all dark red.
- Dark rice, brown rice, that's what I mean.
- Dark rice, it's an eight o'clock,
which is totally normal to have dinner at eight o'clock.
- Did you see my,
we got a dinner reservation of the day at 11 p.m.
- I did see that.
- I'm so fucking cool.
- I'm solid, I'm 11 p.m.
- That's insane. - And you know where it was?
It was at the Korean barbecue place that we went to.
(laughing)
- It was the one in Miami.
- Yeah, that was a nice place.
- It's when everything was--
- You were there at like 11 p.m. at nine.
- Yeah, every time I go there, the waiters are like,
"Have you been here before?"
I'm like, "Have you been here so many times?"
With like every person I know,
every person I know in my life, I have taken them here.
- Remember me.
(laughing)
- 11 p.m., that's just,
you're just trying to make a statement at that point.
There's no reason to eat at 11 p.m.
Unless you just wanna be cool.
- Well, what happened was,
no, I was just really craving,
after eating steak for two months straight,
two meals a day--
- Oh man, you wanna hear more about that.
- I was just craving more steak.
So, I was like this, we have to go here today,
and the only sloppy.
How was 11?
- Can we talk about the steak thing?
So, you've been eating, I heard you say this,
been eating exclusively steak.
Like, you don't have like cereal for breakfast.
- Nope.
- Like, all you eat.
- Well, it's still steak.
- There's, it's not like, it's not religious,
so there's, like during the weekdays,
I pretty much do groceries for enough
for two steak meals for every single day,
for five to six days.
- So, eat stuff with the steak.
- I will have the vegetables.
- Make vegetables, okay.
- But at the end of the weekends, you know,
we might go out, we might do other things.
- Yeah.
- I'm not like just sticking to it that crazy,
but, so I was just like, I wanna try this,
I wanna see how I feel.
- Yeah.
- Like, do what I feel like that.
- What about the nutrition side, then it is like,
you just really like steak and you wanna eat.
- Well, I also think it's one of the most delicious things
to eat, especially if you get really good at cooking it,
which I have gotten.
- That's the other thing,
you're trying to practice making it better.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I've like, I've like narrowed down my style,
and I'm hitting like some crazy levels of steak quality now.
It's a point where when we were at that Korean barbecue place,
I was like, this is good,
but some of these things are actually worse
than some of the stuff that I've made,
which I'm like, that's pretty cool to get to.
- Where do you get your steak?
You said sourcing, you said that earlier.
- Yeah, yeah.
- That's the hard part.
- So I have two sources.
One is this Argentinian farm that someone in the--
- I don't know what it would.
(laughing)
- This isn't something that I did.
Somebody, have you visited this farm in Argentina?
- No, no, no, no.
Somebody in like the '60s,
there was like a wave of migration from Cuba to the US.
And maybe there was maybe people came from Argentina,
I'm not exactly sure.
Anyway, the Graziano family arrived in Miami
with nothing but two pennies to rub together,
without even two pennies to rub together.
And they set up this business that was a restaurant
slash markets that was a steakhouse
and they set up a supply chain from Argentinian farms.
- Interesting.
- And Argentina is known for really good cattle?
- Well, yeah, I feel like,
is there like, are there Argentina steakhouses?
Is that a thing?
- Well, they're Australian steakhouses
would sound very similar to Argentina.
- I think I've seen Argentina.
- Okay, yeah.
- Argentinian?
- Now I'm adding myself and I'm not actually seeing it.
- So they set up this business and it's doing really well
in Miami, they have so many locations now,
it's been around for like 50 or 60 years.
So they set up this pipeline and what's great is
they have a market, so you just go to the market
and get really good steak from Argentina
for like, not that expensive.
Which, so that's one source.
The thing, so I've also gone to beef grating.
Here's what's, here's what's crazy to me, okay?
- You think?
- What's the subreddit?
I gotta know.
- No subreddit.
- Oh, okay.
- I mean, I'm not, I'm not even.
- I think everything has a subreddit.
- The subreddit's not even good enough.
- Oh, not even good enough.
- You're gonna have to pass it.
- The old school forums.
- So, we're like, okay, there's grades of beef.
Obviously there's grades of beef.
- Yeah.
- That makes total sense, you know?
- Choice, like, selective choice prime, et cetera.
You like, learn all that stuff.
But then you start thinking about it,
you're like, wait, this is a government agency.
It says USDA, we literally established a government agency
to be like, that steak is good, that steak is better.
- Yeah, how do I know?
- It's like, it's very simple.
Like, 90% of it is based off the marbling,
which is like, how much intramuscular fat is there?
And you can visually see like--
- You want more or less?
- So, prime is the most amount of intramuscular fat
for American cattle, and that's the best.
If you find prime cuts, you should buy it,
especially if it's at a good price.
This Argentinian place I go to, if I want ribeyes,
again, I got into like the different cuts and everything.
- And I want to get into that, too.
So, I have that question.
- The ribeyes are like the most traditionally popular.
Can you imagine a steak from a steakhouse?
You'd probably imagine a ribeye.
I think it's a little overrated,
'cause it's just the most popular.
But it is quite good.
The Argentinian place does not do prime ribeye,
and they save that for the restaurant.
So, their prime cuts a little bit like--
- So, prime rib, that's what prime rib is.
It's a prime grade ribeye?
- No, prime rib is a little confusing,
'cause they just call it prime rib,
but you can ask like prime grade prime rib,
or you can-- - Oh, geez, okay.
So, prime rib is a different cut.
- So, I'm trying to think,
I think a prime rib is actually a full ribeye.
A prime rib is like this giant piece,
and if you cut it into one-inch slices,
those are ribeye steaks.
- Oh, okay.
- I think, I'm like-- - Okay.
- I'm gonna get an exact terminal.
- What's your favorite cut?
I want to know, I gotta know.
- Well, the ribeye's great.
I think it's a great choice.
And I've been doing a lot of flaps steak,
'cause the Argentinian place has a prime grade flaps steak,
and it's pretty good, and the price is great,
but there's last two weeks,
I went to my second source, which is wild fork.
Wild fork is a little bit more accessible,
there's probably a wild fork,
not in the tunnel locations,
but they're like all over the place in a country.
They source really good meat,
and they immediately flat flash freeze it, like right away.
So, the thing with meat is the faster you freeze it,
the less, like if you put raw meat into your freezer,
it's gonna destroy it.
It's gonna slowly freeze it,
which like crystallizes too much,
and like fucks up everything.
So, if you flat freeze it, or blast freeze it,
I think they call it, it's like a really good way
to freeze and preserve the meat,
and they ship it straight to their stores,
and you can go, and they actually deliver your house,
whatever, so you can get some really good cuts there,
again, decent price.
So, every week on Sunday,
I will get a week's worth of steak.
So, if I do rib eyes, I'll get like five rib eyes,
and I'll cut them in half, and have one half for each meal.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
And I've been getting crazy to cooking it.
It's been about, I've been like my mom visited
for like 10 days, or she was cooking,
and like, so I've been on and off it,
but pretty much for two months,
I haven't had mostly steak for any meal.
- Yeah, and hat, what do you have here?
- Totally normal, which is good.
Like, it's not like I degraded anything.
I'll probably need to do blood work to see,
like how it's impacted certain things.
- People that eat,
I don't think I'm eating enough of this to be a case,
but people that eat a lot of meat to like carnivore diets,
they have high iron.
- I was gonna guess iron.
- Okay, so they get too much iron in their blood.
- Yeah.
- Super simple fix, they just donate blood.
They literally donate blood.
- Huh, it's like your blood factory.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Like a healthy blood factory.
So, if it's too high, it's donate blood.
- Yeah.
- It's fixed, so I feel great.
The one noticeable plus thing is,
my knees feel like I'm like a high schooler again.
Like, I'm just used to like, if I'm like squatting
and I get up, it's just like,
my knees aren't happy about it.
- Yeah, crack on me, pop.
- Yeah, and there is still some crackling there,
but there's like no more like discomfort.
And I'm like, this is interesting.
I don't know if it's 100% related,
but that is the one change I've noticed.
Other than that, totally normal,
I asked Shaq DPT, I was like,
if I only eat steak, what am I missing?
Like what, I was like, what, one other,
okay, because that was crazy, I was like,
I'm gonna only eat steak.
I'm willing to eat one other food.
What should it be to balance out what I'm missing from the steak?
- Yeah.
- And it's a sweet potato.
It's a sweet potato.
Here's all things steak has.
And steak is like a super food.
It has almost everything you need.
And then sweet potatoes, everything else.
But I was like, I don't want something high carb.
What's something low carb I can do?
And they're like, okay, if you're willing to eat
three foods total, eggs and broccoli,
you got everything you need.
So I literally just eat steak and broccoli
and those will make eggs for breakfast occasionally, so.
- I've always realized I haven't.
- You said UPT in a very long time.
I forgot about Chad UPT.
- Wow.
- I mean, I use AI coding assistant stuff.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- When I say Chad UPT, I use cloud a lot.
- Oh, like in the browser?
- Yeah.
- I just, I'm realizing I haven't asked normal life stuff.
I've only used coding assistants.
- Really?
- For months.
- I hate using Google now.
- Really?
- I like start to Google something, I just switch over.
'Cause I'm like, if it's not gonna give me the exact answer
right away, like.
- And you feel like there's,
where are we at in like hallucinations?
That was really bad in the early, early, early era.
- It's still about the same, but like, it's fine.
It's like for the stuff.
- It's looking out.
- Is cloud like connected?
Is it like up to date or is it?
- No, April 2024, I think.
- Yeah.
- I just can't live ever got about them.
- That's pretty crazy.
- I used to use them in everyday life.
- That's an interesting data point.
- Yeah.
And I just, am I weird?
I'm probably the outlier.
- It's still an interesting data point.
If there's one of you, there must be more of you.
- We were using it for like, some schooling stuff.
And like, definitely it was part of my routine.
- Well, you thought it was schedule D.
I'd literally have insight in months.
- There's some data analytic data point
in their database being.
- Yeah.
What did we do?
- We lost this customer.
- Yeah.
Reengage.
How do we do that?
- I'll ask you.
- Huh.
- Yeah.
So anyway, but the other thing I wanted to say is,
I was telling you it's earlier,
I've been devouring YouTube content about cooking steak.
- Yeah.
- And I've tried, I found this guy,
and I feel like it's the type of thing that you like.
There's so many myths around steak.
They're like, when you cook it, like don't touch it.
Like, let it completely finish one side
and then flip to the other side after.
Or like, the pan has to be really, really hot.
Or like, once you're done cooking,
you have to let it rest.
Don't come into it for whatever.
And he does these crazy ass science experiments to like,
his views are so well produced and like, you know,
it's so good to like bust all these myths
and figure out like he'll do like these different tests
and compare different things.
Just figure out like, here's what actually happens.
The most interesting thing I've learned recently,
and this is that a huge impact on the way I cook
and the way I understand how steak cooks is almost,
obviously there's like a limit to this,
but whether it's medium heat, high heat, whatever,
the heat does not make it to the center of the steak faster.
Whether if you put it on high heat or medium heat
or even like low heat, a steak will always need 10 minutes
to cook on the inside to medium, medium well,
or like medium rare.
- No matter the temperature?
- Yes, no matter how, there's obviously a limit,
like you're putting it in like, fucking furnace.
(laughing)
But for most cooking temperatures.
- And all these things.
- Yeah, so here's the mistake people make.
People make it really hot to try to get that char
on the outside, 'cause the outside will cook differently
depending on how you suppose, or the temperature.
And they'll be like, oh, nice, I got the char,
then I have to wait for the inside to reach temperature
and then the outside gets burnt.
- Yeah.
- And the inside is correct.
Or they'll like, think it's done,
'cause the outside looks done,
they'll cut into it and it'll be like way too raw.
So the trick with cooking steak is my approach has been,
I cook it in high heat to get,
and now I can eyeball it to get the right level
of crispiness on the outside.
Then I go back down to low or medium heat
to let the inside temperature come up to the level I want.
And the outside isn't getting it really any crispier
at that point. - Yeah.
- And the second trick is, I use beef tallow.
- What is that?
- It is the weirdest thing ever.
- Is it like the joint, in between the joints or something?
- No, no, it's made out of, that's collagen.
That's what they go with, or something like that.
- Yeah.
- So if you look at beef tallow,
it looks like, it comes in these big tubs.
It looks like a tub of like melted plastic
or like something that just does not look,
like it came from nature in any form.
- Yeah.
- But it is like butter,
like one of the oldest forms of fat that people--
- I'll count it around.
- It's made from-- - It's like lard.
- It's like lard, but the lard that comes from a cow,
but it has this crazy weird like,
kind of almost alien consistency.
Liz has been putting it on her face for a very long time.
People, it's like really good for skin care.
- Yeah.
- But now I've been putting it into my pan.
- Like that's like instead of butter.
- Instead of butter oil, yeah.
So just a very little amount.
And that gives it a really nice sear
and just makes your steak taste like super, super good.
- Just kind of accentuates the beef taste.
- Yeah, but adding more beefiness to it.
(laughing)
And it has a nice like saltiness, like it's good.
I've also nailed how much you need to salt it.
Another weird thing, you literally cannot over salt a steak.
Like it's just like so hard, like you know,
'cause everyone's salting thinks you're so bored,
you're gonna ruin it.
- Yeah.
- It can take a lot of salt, like just go crazy.
There's a whole thing with like you salt it,
then you let the salt drop the water,
then you dry the water.
So there's all of like that, that precision.
The last thing I wanna say is,
some of those grading system,
again, really weird that US government is like,
we need to make sure that as a people,
as a government that we are grading our beef correctly.
So like I said, it's all about the intramuscular fat, right?
And prime is the highest in American breeds.
But there are breeds that have an insane amount
of intramuscular fat, like a crazy amount
where you look at the steak and it looks white, okay?
Japanese cow, wagyu, pucker, wagyu beef.
- Wagyu, I've heard of that.
- So there's a breed of cattle in Japan
that for whatever weird genetic reason,
it has like this insane amount of fat
in its body.
- Yeah. - And these steaks are crazy expensive
because they produce so little of it
and it's probably like, I would say it's a 10x price difference.
- Oh wow.
- But if you try to eat it, 'cause people are like,
oh wagyu, good, let me get a wagyu steak,
you literally cannot eat more than like two bites.
- Oh, it is, it's just so bad.
- It's so rich, it's great as like an appetizer,
have like two pieces trying to just like
this like exotic, interesting thing.
But like people buy a lot of it
and they're just like, like they could sit.
It is like really enriching.
It is very delicious if you like that like soft fatty-ness.
And obviously that can't work on this grading scale
'cause that's just like, you know, like the chart.
- Yeah.
- But the brilliant thing is people have brought over
wagyu cattle to the U.S.
and crossbred them with American cattle.
- So tell you how a little bit of such a muscular fat.
- Yes, there's now American wagyu and Australian wagyu
and that's also off the chart,
but it's like in a more reasonable place
and you're guaranteed to get like,
like every single wagyu cattle is like prime or plus.
- Yeah, 'cause it's genetic.
- It's toned down from this crazy amount
but it's still way more than a prime.
- Yep.
And the cost there is maybe like two to three acts
of a normal time-stake, so.
- You're telling me there's a single subreddit
you've been perusing for any of this information.
- So I will end up on subreddits
through like specific questions I've Googled.
But again, I just go to Claude or stuff
to ask these questions. (laughing)
- But do you hang out on any subreddits?
This is a question I can't believe we've never talked
about this, I don't think we've heard.
- I used to use Reddit like years and years and years
and years ago, maybe when I'm even before I was an adult,
but I just, he's done it.
- Well, you know like I end up on Reddit
that I think what you said, like from Google.
I asked a specific question on Google,
Reddit answers are usually pretty good for stuff like that
'cause it's a lot of knowledgeable people.
But every time you end up in Reddit from some Google search,
you get this sense that there's like people
that just live on that thing.
And they're like the people, not even the moderators,
just like the people who have all the knowledge
about this thing.
- Yep.
- And like, what is it like out of the world?
- That's a good expert.
- Yeah, and they have like this community of people
that they probably hang out with on Reddit every day.
- That's awesome, that's literally us, just not on Reddit.
- But yeah, that's what's weird to me though,
is like I can't imagine that being Reddit
as opposed to like Twitter.
Twitter or Discord or whatever feels very natural to me
and it just seems so foreign to imagine Reddit being the place.
- Yeah, like I send a lot of messages and read a lot of messages
and whatever.
- Yeah, it's a little old school, it's like foreign.
- It's old school, yeah.
- Yeah, it's more of a foreign thing.
- Yeah.
- So I will say the stake world of Reddit,
I haven't found to be that good, I think.
I'm gonna be a little honest.
I'm gonna be a little honest and maybe a little snobby here.
This is like an expensive hobby, I would say.
- You're calling Reddit a land of the poorest.
- It's like, there's like an angle to this
'cause like any state can be a good state.
So they tend to focus in a specific zone
of like practical like, you know, whatever.
And I just find like, it's a little too narrow.
So I wanted like a wider, wider experience.
- You just backed off from calling Reddit people poor people.
Why?
Why did you, you went so far and then you just pulled it off.
- No, you just, did I pull it back?
I mean, you didn't really call out
that you were basically saying you have expensive taste.
- Oh wait, here's the thing, right?
Like the problem is, someone brings up Wagyu, right?
The immediate comment is, it's a scam.
I don't know why people pay so much for this.
- It's a little Reddit.
- And just like, you know.
So it's like, they are right that the online sentiment
is like, yeah, buying a Wagyu steak makes no sense.
But I'm still very interested in Wagyu
and like learning all about that and like all this stuff.
And it's just like, they like shut down
'cause they see this obvious reply of being like,
Wagyu's not worth it.
I prefer like, I really understand the stuff
so I prefer that they're not for tourists.
So there's a little bit too much like I'm trying to prove
something about my identity on Reddit.
- Earlier in the car on the way over to Manhattan
from the airport, what was it?
Who asked like, where's the first place you would go in New York?
Could Liz ask you that?
If it was your first time in New York
where the first place you would say to me?
- Yeah.
- And I just so bad they wanted to be like,
the entire state of the way.
- Oh, we said Times Square.
- Oh, really?
Is that, that's not too touristy for you?
- No, no.
- Or you're saying the taste of somebody?
- The question was ask someone
that never didn't know about New York.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- Oh yeah.
- We just go to the tourist bar.
- That's why you were saying, okay.
- That's so your personality is to like not do touristy things.
- Yeah.
I generally don't do touristy things.
But I just find them, I just hate being around crowds
of people that are like, yeah.
It's the whole thing.
- Yeah.
I hate feeling like I'm a guy on vacation
and being around people that are guys on vacation.
- No, I am sobbing about that too.
Like there's a legionnaire.
I think I've talked about the like budget airline
that flies out of Springfield.
- Yeah.
- They don't have first class
and it's like everybody's in Hawaiian shirts
and it's like, you know, like inflatable poll toys
are ready to go to the beach and like, that's every flight.
So if you go on a work trip on a leisure flight,
you're just like,
I got my laptop and I'm doing a work
and dad's throwing whatever across the point.
Yeah.
- Yeah.
- It's a party bus.
So you might wonder why I would want to sit
and listen to you talk about steak for 15 minutes
when I'm a vegan of 12 years.
And I find it very fascinating anytime somebody's
really into something.
- Yeah.
- And there's just, it's like every single thing in the world,
there are lots of people into that thing.
I just love that.
I think that's what I like about Reddit.
I don't get on Reddit, but I like the idea
that there's subreddits for everything.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- And every time I learn a new subreddit,
it's like, of course there's a subreddit for that.
There's people who are moderators
of a subreddit for that thing.
And I've never thought about that thing for more than five
seconds, you know what I mean?
I just love that.
- It's all just fun to get hooked on something.
- It's so fun.
- And now that YouTube, I'm not a big,
I just, it's totally, I haven't been a big YouTube person,
but I've wanted to understand it better
and understand, okay, here's what well-produced
stuff on YouTube looks like.
But I never had a thing that I could actually direct on.
So now I have this and I've been watching
a ton of YouTube.
- Yeah, I've actually been watching it
on YouTube too, not really, but I know,
I think I've been in the same space as you
of like seeing the algorithm figure you out
and just need you stuff that you want.
And mine's all like, oh, my Christmas lights are up.
I just got a garage modification
and you can see my Christmas lights.
- Wait, but what do you mean they're up?
They're just up themselves?
- No, a guy comes and puts them on.
- Okay.
- I'm lazy there.
I don't put my own Christmas lights on.
He stores them for me too, like he does the whole neighborhood.
I mean, he just comes by and like puts them up,
takes them down at the end of the year,
stores them, whatever, all our Reese.
It's really nice, I'll send you a picture.
I've been watching YouTube to learn
about my messed up brain.
(laughing)
Complex trauma, you ever heard of complex trauma?
- No.
- Basically, everyone in our generation has complex trauma
because boomers are the worst.
Can I say things like that?
- No, my parents maybe are like the age of boomers,
but they're not--
- We're like--
- Well, they didn't grow up in a marriage scene.
- Oh, yes, they would be fine.
Yeah, you don't have complex trauma then.
If you're, yeah, probably people--
- No, no, I do.
- Which is coming from a couple of--
- Have you ever heard of the term?
- No, is this making you uncomfortable?
Do you wanna talk?
- No, it's okay, can we talk about mental health?
(laughing)
- No, I'm just learning all this stuff about,
have you ever heard of roles in dysfunctional families?
- Yeah.
- All the different roles?
Man, I fit one to the T, like the exact everything
I read about it.
Is that like horoscopes though, is it like everything you--
- No, no, no, no, I think what's interesting
about horoscopes and these stereotypical things are,
sometimes you find yourself in a very common situation
so that these horoscopes like things
end up describing it very accurately.
- Yeah.
- We talked about it before,
whenever I take a personality test,
not just me, other people read it
and they're like, this sounds like it was written about you
and I think it's just,
I have a very like standard, well-defined personality
that's existed.
I think maybe you're in a role.
- An archetype, yeah.
- Yeah, that's very common.
- Yeah, it's a whole thing.
I just could not say, like I've been on YouTube a lot
and I'm not a YouTube bit,
like I don't watch YouTube that much before this.
But now there's like a few different people
that make videos about this stuff
and I've watched like everything they make.
It's very interesting.
It's very interesting to feel like I'm 38
and I'm learning things I should've known
when I was like, you shouldn't know when you were 20.
I feel like, did any 20-year-old really know anything
where now, maybe when you were 30, but you are 30.
- It is interesting, I've had this thought
and I haven't put it into words with my brain
but I've had this feeling of like,
does anybody take advantage of their 20s?
- I feel like everyone says like, wasted my 20s.
Did everyone waste your 20s?
- I don't think I wasted my 20s.
- Maybe it's not wasting even,
if everybody kind of has the same experience in their 20s.
What did you do in your 20s?
- Okay, here's this really clear thing
that's very clear to me in hindsight.
I felt my brain like develop.
I can like physically feel it develop.
Like when I was like 26 or 27
because when I think back to everything before that,
I was like a crazy person.
Like, clearly, like, adulthood doesn't really happen too.
And this is like biologically, this is a thing,
like the whole frontal lobe thing.
- And it's maybe different for males and females,
but I know I've heard something about the male brain.
Does it fully develop until it's like late 20s?
- Yeah, it's like, what the fuck was I doing?
The way I operated and none of it made any sense
of looking back.
And I'm like, that's just what I was like.
And I guess my brain developed at some point
and it became less crazy.
But I don't think I wasted it.
Like what, I spent a lot of time working,
which is fine.
- Yeah, same.
- Do you have zero responsibilities, like nothing?
Like it's a great thing.
- Yeah, I guess you kind of built your foundation.
- Yeah, I was in New York the whole time.
I had like a ton of friends, like, you know.
- Okay, well now you're just bragging.
You're revving in, 'cause I didn't have any of those things.
- I guess you wasted your 20s at 'em.
- I wasted my 20s.
- Well, I did, I worked a lot.
Well, what I was gonna say before you just were like,
my 20s were awesome.
I was the best.
Before you said that, I was gonna say,
maybe it's just a reframing in that we all say
we wasted our 20s, all of us normies,
because we're looking at it wrong.
We wouldn't say we wasted our years four to 10.
I wouldn't be like, I wasted my teens.
Like, maybe it's just like, you need to push back the bar.
And like, nothing really good happens in your 20s.
- But you're helping me see the--
- I think it's brain development thing.
I think you're like physically a different person.
- Yeah, and I think the point that like,
I wouldn't have had the career in my 30s
to like provide the ways that I did
if I hadn't had my 20s working very hard,
figuring out how to be good at a thing.
I guess it wasn't wasted, yeah.
- It's funny though, because when I say work a lot,
but then I think when I was all the time,
I'm like, just how much is going on in my life?
Like, the stuff I work on, like,
I think back to how we would do these like crazy,
like many, many hour days, like falsely working,
wake up, pay the laptop, working in my, you know, early 20s.
But what the fuck?
I get more done now.
What was I, I put so many hours in and so much better now?
- Like, I was, I must have sucked.
I didn't feel like I sucked.
- Yeah.
- I felt like I was doing really good.
And if everyone around me seemed to confirm that.
And then like, everyone else seemed to be like,
I felt like above average compared to the stuff around me.
- Yeah.
- But like, clearly, I get way more stuff done.
I think it was, I was spending so much time, like,
rewriting everything.
I was like, it would be something.
It would suddenly arrive at the rewriting.
And like, now I never have to do that anymore.
- Well, well, I still have to do that.
- But not as much.
- Maybe not as much.
- I have similar feelings about the whole thing,
about like, feeling like I didn't think I didn't get much done.
Like, I felt like in my 20s, I was productive.
I felt like I was moving mountains.
But then I can like, remember stuff or I can see stuff.
'Cause I've had it started for 10 years now.
I can see stuff I wrote 10 years ago.
- Oh, you can.
Mine's all disappeared.
I can't look at it at all.
- There's some things, and some of it's just memory.
It's not like it's still in the code base.
But there's some things I've done at Sat News.
And I have like employees that are still at Sat News
that could tell you and vouch for just how awful my brain was
at times.
So I have that data point.
Like, I can look back at some of the stupidest stuff
that would make young developers feel very good
about themselves.
- Yeah, I mean, probably, I definitely have the same.
It was clearly like, I put so many hours in and I wasn't
getting like, I probably put in twice the number of hours
I put in now.
I was not doing twice a minute work.
I'm doing more work now than I was.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Clearly, I was being stupid.
- Okay, I gotta share the dumbest of the dumb things.
And this is like gonna be so amazing.
- Is that bad?
- It's that bad.
- I deleted a database.
- I'm gonna like blush.
You deleted a database.
That's like a cool like, badge of honor.
This is like the most twisted shit.
Okay, I had this system.
This was in the status code base.
Like, this was an actual thing in the status code base.
It was like the name of the directories.
(laughing)
- What are you laughing at?
- I just remembered another thing that's almost as dumb.
Oh, we talked about this for the last seconds.
I was like, so it's fresh on my brain.
There was another one that was just too weird
to even talk about on the podcast.
But the one I'm talking about right now is like,
there was like logic, like conditions encoded
in the names of the directories.
- Adam.
- Like nested directories, yeah.
- This is so funny.
Do you get why this is funny?
- Why?
- You're describing next year's.
- Oh my God.
(laughing)
- It is, I mean, it's like, yeah, it's the whole like weird,
it was like words.
I mean, it was like loops and stuff, like it's bizarre.
- Yeah, okay, you're right.
I definitely did stuff like very creative stuff like that.
- It felt very creative in the moment.
Yeah, they were like, win directories or something.
There was like, win, this happens.
Then this, I mean, it's like, each directory had a name
that like, made the thing make sense.
- That is so funny.
- It was bad.
- Well, hey, do you remember how you felt
in that moment when you made that?
Did you feel like you like,
was it like something you did without thinking
or did you feel proud of it?
'Cause I remember feeling very proud of stuff.
- Oh yeah, no, it was intentional.
- Okay.
- It was like, I'm innovating here.
Let me cook.
(laughing)
- Hang on, guys.
I got this before.
(laughing)
- And then you realize just how much like,
I mean, startups and like, the technical side of it,
the disconnect of that and the actual like, product success.
Like, so much of it was in spite of me,
it was a terrible moment.
- The phrase in spite of, I think, is so important
because here, here's what happens.
Companies have the correct product.
They build the correct product.
- Yeah.
- And they get successful.
And then people that work there are such a list out
all the reasons why they were successful.
But I look at that stuff and I'm like, no.
In spite of all that dumbass shit you're listening
that you're proud of,
the product was so right that it worked anyway.
But that's what you get to do.
If you're successful, you get to claim
that any random thing you like was the reason it all worked.
- Yeah.
- I don't think I'm wasting my 30s at least.
- I don't think they're good.
But are we gonna say that in our 40s,
we're gonna be like, man, I wasted my 30s.
Remember that time I, I don't know.
- Through inventing New York and inviting 300 people?
- I know that horribly.
(laughing)
- Oh, oh man.
- Okay, well, we're on--
- It's been an hour.
- Yeah.
- I feel like we both just were like, huh.
(laughing)
- We did it, we did it.
- Okay.
- And we're going in here.
- All right, let's see everyone.
- Oh yeah, we don't have a way to do it.
- I'm good.
- I'm gonna look at the camera one more time.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)